.TH HAT-NONTERM 1 local
.SH NAME
hat-nonterm \- finds and displays a non-termination path
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B hat-nonterm
[PROGNAME] [OPTION]... 
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I hat-nonterm
is a one-shot tool for displaying a simple trace of
a non-terminating program. The tool picks a function likely to
be involved in the non-termination. It then displays a trace 
containing some number of reductions of this function.

Note that the traced program must first be compiled using the
Hat tracing tools, and executed to generate a trace file. 
.SH OPTIONS
Possible options are as follows:
.TP	
.BI --showqual[=(t,f)]
		control whether to show functions qualified by the name
		of their module
.TP
.BI --cutoff=DEPTH
		subexpressions in printed expressions are cut off and
		replaced with a placeholder below a depth of DEPTH
.TP
.BI --numfn=NUM
		control how many instances of the suspicious function 
		appear on the displayed extract of the non-termination
		path
.TP
.BI --showrt[=(t,f)]
		control whether to show the root of the search path, or
		just the path from the suspicious function instance
.TP
.BI --srcref[=(t,f)]
		control whether to show source references for each
		expression on the path
.TP
.BI --showcount[=(t,f)]
		control whether to show the number of accesses to the
		file nodes
.TP
.BI --shownode[=(t,f)]
		(DEBUGGING OPTION)
		control whether to show the octal addresses of the
		expression nodes, along side the pretty-printed versions

.SH AUTHOR
Written by Mike Dodds.
.SH REPORTING BUGS
Report bugs to <hat@haskell.org>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2004 University of York.
.br
This is free software without warranty of any kind.
.SH SEE ALSO
.I hat-nonterm
is one of many tools in the
.I Hat
tracing system for Haskell programs.
For further information about
.I Hat
see
.B http://haskell.org/hat

